file;in-0x118;Currency 2 Info;Contains all currencies to be displayed in the currency menu


int32;$04;Bayld
int16;$08;Kinetic Units
byte;$0A;Coalition Imprimaturs
byte;$0B;Unknown/Unused?
int32;$0C;Obsidian Fragments
int16;$10;Lebondopt Wings Stored
int16;$12;Pulchridopt Wings Stored
int32;$14;Mweya Plasm Corpuscles
byte;$18;Ghastly Stones Stored
byte;$19;Ghastly Stones +1 Stored
byte;$1A;Ghastly Stones +2 Stored
byte;$1B;Verdigris Stones Stored
byte;$1C;Verdigris Stones +1 Stored
byte;$1D;Verdigris Stones +2 Stored
byte;$1E;Wailing Stones Stored
byte;$1F;Wailing Stones +1 Stored
byte;$20;Wailing Stones +2 Stored
byte;$21;Snowslit Stones Stored
byte;$22;Snowslit Stones +1 Stored
byte;$23;Snowslit Stones +2 Stored
byte;$24;Snowtip Stones Stored
byte;$25;Snowtip Stones +1 Stored
byte;$26;Snowtip Stones +2 Stored
byte;$27;Snowdim Stones Stored
byte;$28;Snowdim Stones +1 Stored
byte;$29;Snowdim Stones +2 Stored
byte;$2A;Snoworb Stones Stored
byte;$2B;Snoworb Stones +1 Stored
byte;$2C;Snoworb Stones +2 Stored
byte;$2D;Leafslit Stones Stored
byte;$2E;Leafslit Stones +1 Stored
byte;$2F;Leafslit Stones +2 Stored
byte;$30;Leaftip Stones Stored
byte;$31;Leaftip Stones +1 Stored
byte;$32;Leaftip Stones +2 Stored
byte;$33;Leafdim Stones Stored
byte;$34;Leafdim Stones +1 Stored
byte;$35;Leafdim Stones +2 Stored
byte;$36;Leaforb Stones Stored
byte;$37;Leaforb Stones +1 Stored
byte;$38;Leaforb Stones +2 Stored
byte;$39;Duskslit Stones Stored
byte;$3A;Duskslit Stones +1 Stored
byte;$3B;Duskslit Stones +2 Stored
byte;$3C;Dusktip Stones Stored
byte;$3D;Dusktip Stones +1 Stored
byte;$3E;Dusktip Stones +2 Stored
byte;$3F;Duskdim Stones Stored
byte;$40;Duskdim Stones +1 Stored
byte;$41;Duskdim Stones +2 Stored
byte;$42;Duskorb Stones Stored
byte;$43;Duskorb Stones +1 Stored
byte;$44;Duskorb Stones +2 Stored
byte;$45;Pellucid Stones Stored
byte;$46;Fern Stones Stored
byte;$47;Taupe Stones Stored
int16;$48;Unknown/Unused?
int16;$4A;Escha Beads
int32;$4C;Escha Silt
int16;$50;Potpourri
